Hello Replit AI 👋

Please update my “Pall Network” app with the following critical fixes + UI improvements and provide me with a fresh Android Studio–ready ZIP file.


---

1. Firebase Auth Persistence (Auto Logout Fix)

Currently, after login:

If the app is closed and reopened → user is logged out.

If the mobile back button is pressed → user is logged out.


✅ Required Fix:

In firebase.ts or auth.ts, ensure:


import { setPersistence, browserLocalPersistence } from "firebase/auth";
setPersistence(auth, browserLocalPersistence);

Session must stay active until user explicitly signs out.

Closing/reopening app should auto-restore the session.

Logout only when user taps the Sign Out button in the sidebar.



---

2. Dashboard UI Safe Area (Top Cut Issue)

On Android, the dashboard content is cut off by the status bar.

✅ Required Fix:

Add safe-area padding (e.g., pt-8 or paddingTop: env(safe-area-inset-top)).

Ensure UI is fully visible on Android and iOS.



---

3. Mining Button Logic (Visibility + 24h Cycle)

The mining button is not showing or functioning correctly.

✅ Required Fix:

Always show “Start Mining ⛏” button on dashboard.

Logic:

1. On click → mining starts.


2. Runs for 24 hours (86,400 seconds).


3. Rate: 1 Pall Token / 24h = 0.00001157 PALL/sec.


4. Balance updates in Firestore (pallBalance) live.


5. After 24h → mining auto-stops.


6. Button resets to “Start Mining ⛏”.



Must not auto-restart without user action.

Fully Play Store policy compliant.



---

4. UI Polish & UX Improvements

Please improve overall UI consistency:

Sidebar Menu

Add spacing between menu items.

Make all menu items same font size & weight.

Ensure Sign Out button is clearly separated at bottom.


Dashboard Cards

Add padding inside cards so text/icons don’t touch edges.

Use consistent font sizes (heading vs balance text).

Apply soft shadows & rounded corners (rounded-2xl, shadow-md).


Buttons

Ensure all buttons (Mining, Copy Address, etc.) use consistent style:

Rounded corners

Bold text

Hover/tap feedback

Primary color consistent with app theme



Text Alignment

Align all headings to center/top with enough spacing.

Prevent overlap with system status bar.


Responsiveness

Test on both mobile & desktop/PWA.

Sidebar + dashboard must look clean on small screens.




---

5. Deliverables

Fresh ZIP file with all fixes + UI polish.

Project must:

Open directly in Android Studio (no Gradle/JDK issues).

Generate APK & AAB smoothly.

Behave correctly on Android + iOS.



✅ Testing Checklist:

Login → close app → reopen → still logged in

Back button → no auto logout

Logout only via Sign Out button

Dashboard UI not cut off, looks polished

Mining button visible, works for exactly 24h cycle

Sidebar neat & responsive



---
I was hopeful that you would listen to me and do as I wish, and I will continue to work with you, but I have many complaints with you, I have to tell you one thing again and again, and you do not do that thing as I wish unless I tell you a thing 3 to 4 times, today is the last time I am telling you, watch this video and fix my application and give me the correct zip file, this time also if you do the same as every time, I will stop using Replit because I am very angry with you because of your attitude. Thank you.